EIP-5450: Add rationale, more clarifications and update authors (#5535)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-5450.md

In particular, this extended code validation eliminates the need for EVM stack underflow checks done for every executed instruction. It also prevents deploying code that can be statically proven to require more than 1024 stack items, however it may still be possible to exceed that limit in some cases, and thus overflow checks cannot be fully eliminated.

## Specification

### Code validation

*Remark:* We rely on the notions of *data stack* and *type section* as defined by [EIP-4750](./eip-4750.md).

Code section validation rules as defined by [EIP-3670](./eip-3670.md) (which has been extended by [EIP-4200](./eip-4200.md) and [EIP-4750](./eip-4750.md)) are extended again to include the instruction flow traversal procedure, where every possible code path is examined, and data stack height at each instruction is recorded. 

> *Data stack height* here refers to the number of stack values accessible by this function, i.e. it does not take into account values of caller functions' frames (but does include this function's inputs).  Note that validation procedure does not require actual data stack implementation, but only to keep track of its height. Current height value starts at `types[code_section_index].inputs` (number of inputs of this function) at function entry and is updated at each instruction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Data stack height* here refers to the number of stack values accessible by this function, i.e. it does not take into account the values of caller functions' frames (but does include this function's inputs).  Note that the validation procedure does not require actual data stack implementation, but only to keep track of its height. Current height value starts at `types[code_section_index].inputs` (number of inputs of this function) at function entry and is updated at each instruction.
```

### Execution

> Given new deploy-time guarantees, EVM implementation is not required anymore to have run-time stack underflow check for each executed instruction. However implementations can keep it if they choose to do so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given new deploy-time guarantees, EVM implementations are not required anymore to have a run-time stack underflow check for each executed instruction. However each implementation can keep it if they choose to do so.
```
